when we spending the data they had one
line each and self-image right now
sentences and so we're going to the trip
with us which is supposed to be the
place to go to this beautiful cafe and a
daily meal has this beautiful garden
integer and I believe the food here is
organic tasty and what breakfast are all
about Oh duck
so it's one of the three and I believe
if you find all three then you get
breakfast three
you know what's very lovely about most
of these restaurants here in Australia
Sydney is that most of them have these
little gardens behind their restaurant
and it's full of fresh herbs and
vegetables and their plantain is growing
here they have bees here for honey there
is mint growing here there is this
kaffir lime here they have lavender
there and it's just so beautiful they
have rosemary and they're pretty pretty
flowers most of them also grew their own
squash which you have seen in some of
the garden
yelling so I have two poached eggs and I
have a wedge of lime and some kind of
it's not really spinach at scale yeah
scale and I have Tom Yum
I remember my azita with Eddie before
but it's really investors and the red I
don't know what this is tomato oh you
know how the Dijon we take when we kind
of closed it up a bit and then you take
tomato some olive oil on the where and
just rub the tomato on the brain then
pulled back in Julia listen what happens
totally I mean it's like God really
loves means really amazing